Spooky Forest 2.0
by Matt Buland and Drew Koelling

Game Summary: 
	A 2-D adventure-game that takes the user through an open-world
	battle against ogres, gremlins, and a perilously Spooky Forest.

Detailed description:
	The spooky forest in question will be a top-down map, only showing a couple
	'areas', similar to the style seen in The Legend of Zelda games. Armaments
	will be limited, with just a sword and a shield. Damage and Armor upgrades
	will be hidden throughout the map. Enemies will be few, but fearsome,
	ranging in health, and attack. There will be Ogres, Gremlins, and Zerglings;
	in decreasing health and attack, but increasing in numbers.

Scenarios:
	1.	Bob is bored. He wants to go on an adventure! He boots up his
		VM-Emulator, and loads up SpookyForest-2.0. Starting off in a new world
		is always a precarious position: Bob has no sword and no shield, and
		monsters could be lurking around an corner. The sense of thrill is
		immense, as Bob makes his way into the unknown. Let the game begin.
	2.	Bristole has been challenged by Xena to a duel; The first to reach 50
		kills will win. Each start off with nothing, on entirely different,
		entirely random maps. The battle will be fierce, the tensions high. Who
		will win?

Target Market:
	Any person who loved the Zelda games will be a fan of this adventure. Though
	a much smaller game than Zelda, the core gameplay elements will be similar.
	Since the game will have 1-bit color, any gamer who is a fan of classic,
	retro games will be interested in Spooky Forest-2.0

What this game is not:
	1.	A fully immersive, story-driven game.
	2.	A Zelda remake
	3.	A horror game

What this game is:
	1.	A fun adventure game with light swordplay
	2.	Set in a spooky, if not strange environment
	3.	Filled with light environment-sourced trolling
	
Game Screen Progression:
	1. Title Screen
	2. Rules/How to Play
	3. Top Down view of Board, Player can begin interacting with game at this point. Will be called game screen
	4. Game over when loss occurs, displays score
	
Title Screen:
	Screen will display title of game and wait until some form of input or confirmation is given before moving to the next screen. 
	Pixel art is TBD, but given the lack of any artistic talent from the group members, there will most likely be no pixel art.
	
Rules Screen:
	Will display the rules of the game and how to play. Will wait for input before moving the player to the game screen
	
Game Screen:
	Screen that actual game occurs in. The screen will be at a birds eye view. The screen will revel nearby areas, show monsters, player direction, 
	as well as some other values on the side, such as whether you have a sword, amount of kill ect. The player will be able to move and interact
	with things in this screen, using the keyboard as the input device. This screen will remain until the player loses.
	at which case it will move to the game over screen.
	Things to note:
	1. Only directions are north, east, south, and west, no vertical play involved.
	2. There is no global map, you can only observe your immediate area.
	3. No pause screen, there is no pausing in the spooky forest. 
	4. Different icons or simple geometric shapes will be used to differentiate between the player and monsters/objects.
	5. The Screen is not always centered on the player. Player will always be in the screen.
	6. There is no ultimate goal, so there is no 'win' stage. You keep playing until you lose or you rage quit. 
	
Game Over Screen:
	Screen displayed when player loses. It will display the players score, such as kills, gold, swords accuired, and other tracked stats.
	

Other notes:
	Spooky Forest was a text-based adventure game written in C++ as a Data
	Structures project by Drew Koelling and Matt Buland. This game is an
	enhanced, more visually appealing version of that.
